Documentation: Add notices about reporting security flaws (#15260)
crate/crate: README.rst

See the `developer docs`_ and the `contribution docs`_ for more information.

Security
========

> If you think you discovered a security flaw, please report it to security@crate.io.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you think you discovered a security flaw, please report it to security@cratedb.com.
```

Author: No sure if we are using cratedb.com for email already. I don't think so, but I will ask.

Author: @wmKvXo confirmed it. `crate.io` it still is.
